fix: Serialization docs (#4007)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/advanced-topics/serialization/serialization-arrays.md

# Arrays and native containers

> It's recommended to read the [serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) to better understand this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Read the [Serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) page to understand the basics of serialization before learning how to serialize arrays and native containers.
```
